fix(tools): use docker for development (#35162)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-setup-freecodecamp-locally.md

# Set up freeCodeCamp locally

> As of 8 March 2018, please consider helping us test our new guide on how to [setup freeCodeCamp locally using Docker](/docs/how-to-setup-freecodecamp-locally-using-docker.md) instead of using this guide. It *should* result in fewer or no error but we won't know until enough devs try it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 8 March 2019, please consider helping us test our new guide on how to [setup freeCodeCamp locally using Docker](/docs/how-to-setup-freecodecamp-locally-using-docker.md) instead of using this guide. It *should* result in fewer or no errors. Thanks a lot for helping us make everyone's contributing experience better.
```

Reviewer 2: Is it 2019 already? :-D
